README.md, before:

# NoteQuickFormatter
NoteQuickFormatter is an add-in for OneNote that helps you build a section and formatted pages. The format is designed to create daily to-do lists, it creates a new section for the next month and pages for each week within that month. All of these in one click!

## Request
The add-in is deseigned for OneNote 2016/2019 64-bit versions. Feel free to adjust my code to meet your needs.

## Usage
### Quick
<img src="https://github.com/pawstocode/NoteQuickFormatter/blob/e6397544c77dc174e8e38d24f31ce14d474ff3f3/Quick.gif" width="80%">

1. Click the "Insert" tab; the function button should be at the far right.
2. Click the button labeled "Quick". The section and pages will be created immediately, and OneNote will guide you to the first page of the new section.

### Customize
<img src="https://github.com/pawstocode/NoteQuickFormatter/blob/e6397544c77dc174e8e38d24f31ce14d474ff3f3/Customize.gif" width="80%">

1. Click the "Insert" tab; the function button should be at the far right.
2. Click the button without parantheses. A form will appear, it allows you to choose the notebook and the section name.
3. Click "OK" to confirm the names.
4. The formatted pages are created, and OneNote will guide you to the first page of the new section.

## Language
Please note that the interface is currently in Chinese.

Commit message:

feat: Minor changes to form layouts and README content

README.md, after:

# NoteQuickFormatter
NoteQuickFormatter is an add-in for OneNote that helps you build a section and formatted pages. The format is designed to create daily to-do lists, it creates a new section for the next month and pages for each week within that month. All of these in one click!

## Request
The add-in is deseigned for OneNote 2016/2019 64-bit versions.

## Usage
### Quick
<img src="https://github.com/pawstocode/NoteQuickFormatter/blob/e6397544c77dc174e8e38d24f31ce14d474ff3f3/Quick.gif" width="80%">

1. Click the "Insert" tab; the function button should be at the far right.
2. Click the button labeled "Quick". The section and pages will be created immediately, and OneNote will guide you to the first page of the new section.

### Customize
<img src="https://github.com/pawstocode/NoteQuickFormatter/blob/e6397544c77dc174e8e38d24f31ce14d474ff3f3/Customize.gif" width="80%">

1. Click the "Insert" tab; the function button should be at the far right.
2. Click the button without parantheses. A form will appear, it allows you to choose the notebook and the section name.
3. Click "OK" to confirm the names.
4. The formatted pages are created, and OneNote will guide you to the first page of the new section.

## Note
- Please note that the interface is in Chinese by default. An English version has been added to the form, but it hasn't been tested yet.
- The current font style for title is `Bradley Hand ITC`, and for content it's `Calibri`. This is based on my personal habit. It's adjustable in the code, and related features may be added later.
